W-22405361-ETS-change-LDS (#358)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/to-publish-assets-maven.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images/

> :page-notice-banner-message: <b>Important:</b> Starting May 18, 2026, publishing connectors and Mule plugins to Exchange requires mule-extension-plugin version 1.9.0 or higher. See <a href="#connector-publishing-requirements">Connector Publishing Requirements</a>.

Author: ```suggestion
:page-notice-banner-message: <b>Important:</b> Starting May 18, 2026, publishing connectors and Mule plugins to Exchange requires mule-extension-plugin version 1.9.0 or higher. See <a href="#update-plugin-exchange-publishing">Update Your Plugin for Exchange Publishing</a>.
```

> :page-notice-banner-message: <b>Important:</b> Starting May 18, 2026, publishing connectors and Mule plugins to Exchange requires mule-extension-plugin version 1.9.0 or higher. See <a href="#update-plugin-exchange-publishing">Update Your Plugin for Exchange Publishing</a>.

Author: ```suggestion
:page-notice-banner-message: <b>Important:</b> Starting May 18, 2026, publishing connectors and Mule plugins to Exchange requires mule-extension-plugin version 1.9.0 or later. See <a href="#update-plugin-exchange-publishing">Update Your Plugin for Exchange Publishing</a>.
```

. Click the name of the top-level organization or a business group, and view your organization ID in the organization information screen.
. Copy the organization ID so you can add it to your project's POM file for the following examples.

[[update-plugin-exchange-publishing]]
== Update Your Plugin for Exchange Publishing

Starting May 18, 2026, connectors and Mule plugins published to Exchange require `mule-extension-plugin` version 1.9.0 and later. This version includes Java compatibility information in your asset's `mule-artifact.json` file.

Choose the approach that matches your development setup:

* If you use the parent POM, update to the latest parent POM version that includes `mule-extension-plugin` 1.9.0 and later.

> * If you use Mule SDK, upgrade to a version that includes mule-extension-plugin 1.9.0 and later.

Author: ```suggestion
* If you use Mule SDK, upgrade to a version that includes `mule-extension-plugin` 1.9.0 and later.
```

> * If you manually configure plugins:* Update your POM file to reference mule-extension-plugin version 1.9.0 or higher

Author: ```suggestion
* If you manually configure plugins: Update your POM file to reference `mule-extension-plugin` version 1.9.0 or higher
```

. Click the name of the top-level organization or a business group, and view your organization ID in the organization information screen.
. Copy the organization ID so you can add it to your project's POM file for the following examples.

> [[connector-publishing-requirements]]

Author: ```suggestion
[[update-plugin-exchange-publishing]]
```

> == Connector and Plugin Publishing Requirements

Author: ```suggestion
== Update Your Plugin for Exchange Publishing
```

> Starting May 18, 2026, connectors and Mule plugins published to Exchange must use mule-extension-plugin version 1.9.0 or higher. This version ensures Java compatibility information is included in your asset's `mule-artifact.json` file.

Author: ```suggestion
Starting May 18, 2026, connectors and Mule plugins published to Exchange require `mule-extension-plugin` version 1.9.0 and later. This version includes Java compatibility information in your asset's `mule-artifact.json` file.
```
